SCOW - President Xi Jinping wrapped up his state visit to Russia, the first foreign destination
after he took office earlier this month, and left Moscow Sunday for Dar es Salaam, the capital of
Tanzania.

During his Russia visit, which started Friday, Xi and his Russian counterpart Vladimir Putin vowed
in their talks to enhance their countries' comprehensive strategic cooperation.

Xi stressed that China and Russia are each other's major and most important strategic cooperative
partner, and both accord priority to deepening their comprehensive strategic cooperative partnership
on their overall diplomatic agenda and in their foreign policy.


In face of the profoundly complex international situation and the still grave global economic
environment, the two sides should work together more closely to enhance their comprehensive
strategic cooperation, said the Chinese president.

Putin said the two countries hold a similar stance on many major issues and enjoy extensive common
interests and bright cooperation prospects.

As regards their countries' practical cooperation, the two leaders held in-depth discussions and
agreed that the time and conditions are ripe for the two sides to carry out large-scale economic
cooperation.

The two sides agreed to make full use of their various cooperation mechanisms, and invigorate
collaboration on large joint projects of strategic significance.

In addition, the two sides promised to cooperate more closely on major global and regional issues
under such frameworks as the United Nations, the Shanghai Cooperation Organization and BRICS, so as
to safeguard world peace and development.

The two sides also ratified the 2013-2016 implementation guidelines of the China-Russia Treaty of
Good-Neighborliness and Friendly Cooperation.

Xi and Putin signed a joint statement on deepening the bilateral comprehensive strategic cooperative
partnership, which has laid out the priorities of future bilateral cooperation and called for a new
type of great-power relations in the international arena.

On Saturday, Xi delivered an important speech to students and teachers in a Moscow university,
expressing China's views on the current international situation and elaborating on China's
diplomatic policies.

On the Same day, Xi visited the Russian defense ministry, and met with Russian sinologists,
Chinese-learning students and representatives from the press.

Xi's visit to Russia, shortly after he became China's president, is a testimony to the great
importance China places on its relations with Russia.

Analysts said that the visit to Russia by China's new president would inject new vigor into the
development of Russia-China relations.

From Russia, Xi will continue his first overseas trip as Chinese president to Tanzania, South
Africa and the Republic of the Congo.

In South Africa, Xi will attend the fifth BRICS summit in the port city of Durban on March 26-27,
the first to be held on the African continent.

Leaders of Brazil, Russia, India, China and South Africa, collectively known under their acronym
BRICS, will also have a retreat with African regional leaders.

